README.md, before:

# J2EE-EmployeeManagement_404376
Study project at Infosys final Comprehensive exam. Using JSF, Oracle SQL relational database
Student ID 404376

# Introduction
Final project at infosys Colombian batch at Mysore Campus, Karnataka, India.
This was one of my favorite experiences in my life.
A group of 36 Colombian students went to Mysore India to be trained in J2EE and agile software methodologies.
Infosys is one of the biggest software companies in the world.

# Getting Started
it uses pom maven for the dependencies of old JSF and jdbc access.
1.	Installation process: project is Maven java project. Import in any IDE with the POM File.
2.	Software dependencies: dependencies are described in pom.xml file
3.	Latest releases: this is going to be first reference
4.	API references

# Build and Test
git clone repo
import in IDE Eclipse suggested
execute some of the unit tests
mvn package
deploy in tomcat or any servlet container.
For the purpose of testing a container architecture using Docker. For the Oracle Database as well containers should be used

# Contribute
new CSS and xhtml should be used. In fufure extension prime faces and the complete use of Docker for the database, deployment and testing should be used.

Commit message:

added link with extra details and goals
added links
added goals

README.md, after:

# J2EE-EmployeeManagement_404376
Study project at Infosys final Comprehensive exam. Using JSF, Oracle SQL relational database
Student ID 404376

# Introduction
Final project at infosys Colombian batch at Mysore Campus, Karnataka, India.
This was one of my favorite experiences in my life.
A group of 36 Colombian students went to Mysore India to be trained in J2EE and agile software methodologies.
Infosys is one of the biggest software companies in the world.

# Getting Started
it uses pom maven for the dependencies of old JSF and jdbc access.
1.	Installation process: project is Maven java project. Import in any IDE with the POM File.
2.	Software dependencies: dependencies are described in pom.xml file
3.	Latest releases: this is going to be first reference
4.	API references

# Build and Test
git clone repo
import in IDE Eclipse suggested
execute some of the unit tests
mvn package
deploy in tomcat or any servlet container.
For the purpose of testing a container architecture using Docker. For the Oracle Database as well containers should be used

# Contribution goals
- new CSS and xhtml should be used. In fufure extension prime faces and the complete use of Docker for the database, deployment and testing should be used.
- Containerise the demo app
- use an Oracle base Docker Image for the DB
- impelement docker-compose for a simplified operation of the webApp.

### Extra details
I am thankful with the opportunity of being the manager of the group. Find more details at [Pasantia Infosys 2011 Colombia-India](https://www.facebook.com/groups/pasantiainfosys2011)
